He looked
when it immersed as we are but
that they are having a great time and nothing
guys this time I do not bring you a
tutorial that coming to the story not
I bring you a gameplay or anything for the
style I bring you a tutorial that goes
to be the tutorial good this mystery
to the world of character, many people
asked today I miss many of your
beer how is this server and good here
I show you the tutorial on how to make a
server this we are not going to need big
knowledge of networks or those things we
we are going to occupy this pay to maintain
our terms we are going to occupy
absolutely nothing we're just going to
occupy two things our device with
minecraft pocket edition and our
move and well what we have to do
more to go to the page of our model
as you can see here markers my
model
well in this case I have the modem
telmex that gives you the way it gives you
telmex and hg 532 and this I do not know what
modem have you but for example in
Telmex in the user will always be
telmex if I'm not always always wrong
is going to do telmex and in password should
put the wifi key they see and in their
modem and well for example I put it
is saved let's give login
and well this is not all furniture going to
to be equal if you touched them this systems
they have this same way in which I
how fabulous because they were in the same
what am I going to do here and they will have their server
this and we will do our server
well this depends on each mode in download
different but I hope you know
adapt what type of model
technically it will be similar
we love you in advanced and we go when
says nothing do not see anything there is here and we
appears this window appears now
we're going to application editing
So you can see that you are
applications that I'm supposed to have
in my model this but down to
down here we create in a new
application we are going to put you minecraft and
as I already have it here bodies of
party like this we give you to save
and nothing is going to come out of all this now we
come on let's go to new district alerted
of this in the port we change tsp
port dp
and in internal port we are going to put the
that manages minecraft because the edition
that I'm not wrong the 19 132 132
here we have one
to the other those from 19 132 to 19 132 and to see
to see already almost 19 132 to 19 132 in him
It will always be the same in all
932 to 19 132
fill in the four blocks nineteen
one hundred thirty two
to see and with the other thing I have left
exactly so if they are left like this already
We will have to save and wait for
charge we wait for him to charge if I do not
I will charge no longer to see stupid
we have our service here
now what follows we go to map of
door and application we look for minecraft
pocket edition as you can see that the
I have this up we selected it
we select it and in interface what
let's be as is motorcycle amphitheater
we do not move anything and the hobby in terno
internal we must select the
device where we believe that this
distributor or the device where
we are going to open the server in this case
well you have to know which one is yours
mine is android without script 5 to 16 17 a
8 778 38 19 you selected it and we give it in
save
we want you to wait and you can see
up here appears that is here
to enter internet television I think
that domestic front will activate and now
is activated
now in this case
once we have this we are going to this
page from here
here in my life we enter here and what is
my faith
to see here here you have to give
your server is going to be this 180 good at
my case my server would be 189 points 164
points 61 point 116
then the server that you have
have to give her friends but they have
that give who they want is the game goes
to be 189 point 164 points 61 points 116
another thing telmex changes your
configuration of your way in each
trust that I'm feet I'm saying
but this change tweets every so often
so every time they go to miguel server
you must enter this page and check that
They do not know if changing the air
change in management that simply in
the test and already
from live like to be 189 point 164
points 61 points 116
and that are going to be beautiful we will go to
vision transport we go to here
lady the external already and the cb name in that
be and in the address you have to put the
address that previously in that given
although glue from the page to see
where is where is 25 here by
one hundred 89 points 164 points 61 points
2016 that would be the ip mister see and the
contribution of 100 equal and nothing already added
this in the clica and of the people who
they are going to join and you are simply
want to open the one they want to talk
for example I have the first break and
chilo
the topic goes to the ip and it comes in
to enter this map
but this does not enter this map
and nothing and I expect less cargo was going to
espanyol the pressure of the background
world is over there if I leave and
for example I leave the play and enter
pixel archs that by the way have a
Kirby to the wing in some of the monster
of my pyxel arts this one
to see this one that said clear to this one if
feel someone else
this is going to enter that this map and good
guys who by the way of sexy mind
of this option so they can join
local terme multiplayer have to
have it activated so you can enter and
once guys would be all this has them
liked the tutorial and you understand and we
we see in a next video